From: Pambos Charalambous <pambos.charalambous@sinopsis.eu>
Date: 5 January 2022 at 11:26:37 GMT+2
To: "Panayiotis Andreou <[UCLan Cyprus Ltd] School of Sciences>" <PGAndreou@uclan.ac.uk>
Cc: Alexandros Christou <AChristou4@uclan.ac.uk>
Subject: BSc Computing - Alexandros Christou

﻿
Dear Panayiotis,

 

Happy new year with my best wishes for health, happiness and lot of happiness for the new year.

 

With this note I would like to express my appreciation and thank you for the opportunity you gave us to work with Alexandros Christou a 3rd year student at the BSc computing course in uclan Cyprus.

Alexandros has worked intensively under your supervision and with great sense of responsibility on an ETL solution
required to interface with pharmacy POS and get the appropriate DB structure for the execution of a BI solution IAS
Sinopsis is offering to its clients.

The assignment included the connection with Dropbox where the POS data was locally copied daily, transfer the data on
premise and conversion of this POS DB, which in most of the cases was in Access format, to SQL. Specific data
manipulation was then performed with the merge of different tables into the required for BI purposes structure and the
daily update of the newly created SQL tables.

All this complex process and its daily maintenance resulted into a structured DB which our BI visualization system
access daily to provide continuous service to pharmacies.

I was impressed with Alexandros ability to grasp so quickly the requirements and convert a complex issue into a solution
which runs seamlessly on a daily basis. I was also impressed how quickly a 3rd year student has gained all required
knowledge and ability to convert a business issue into a solution demonstrating both technical capabilities and business
sense.

From the different assignments we have taken with UCLan Cyprus BSc computing students, building pharmatrack in the past
and with the most recent experience on building this ETL solution, I would like to congratulate you on the work achieved
in UCLan Cyprus preparing the next generation of computer scientists who have both the knowledge capacity but also the
business sense to overcome any challenge they will be facing in their professional career.

Thanks and looking forward for our next assignment.


Regards

Pambos
